README.md, before:

# Enuminator is a EnumerateIt Extension

Enumerations for Ruby or Rails inspired in [EnumerateIt](https://github.com/lucascaton/enumerate_it) with some magic powers! 🎩

## Installation

```bash
bundle add enuminator
```

## Using with Rails

```bash
bundle add enuminator
```

OR

```bash
gem "enuminator", "~> 0.0.1"
```

And run in console

```bash
bundle install
```

## References

- [Creating enumerations](https://github.com/lucascaton/enumerate_it#creating-enumerations)
  - [Sorting enumerations](https://github.com/lucascaton/enumerate_it#sorting-enumerations)
- [Using enumerations](https://github.com/lucascaton/enumerate_it#using-enumerations)
- [FAQ](https://github.com/lucascaton/enumerate_it#faq)
- [I18n](https://github.com/lucascaton/enumerate_it#i18n)
  - [Translate a name-spaced enumeration](https://github.com/lucascaton/enumerate_it#translate-a-name-spaced-enumeration)
- [Handling a legacy database](https://github.com/lucascaton/enumerate_it#handling-a-legacy-database)
- [Changelog](https://github.com/lucascaton/enumerate_it#changelog)

## Contributing

Bug reports and merge requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/enuminator.

Commit message:

feat: create generators to install

README.md, after:

# Enuminator is a EnumerateIt Extension

Enumerations for Ruby or Rails inspired in [EnumerateIt](https://github.com/lucascaton/enumerate_it) with some magic powers! 🎩

## Installation

```bash
bundle add enuminator
```

## Using with Rails

```bash
bundle add enuminator
```

OR

```bash
gem "enuminator", "~> 0.0.1"
```

And run in console

```bash
bundle install
```

## Generate ApplicationEnumeration

You can use a Rails generator to create `ApplicationEnumeration`:

```bash
rails g enuminator:install
```

## References

- [Creating enumerations](https://github.com/lucascaton/enumerate_it#creating-enumerations)
  - [Sorting enumerations](https://github.com/lucascaton/enumerate_it#sorting-enumerations)
- [Using enumerations](https://github.com/lucascaton/enumerate_it#using-enumerations)
- [FAQ](https://github.com/lucascaton/enumerate_it#faq)
- [I18n](https://github.com/lucascaton/enumerate_it#i18n)
  - [Translate a name-spaced enumeration](https://github.com/lucascaton/enumerate_it#translate-a-name-spaced-enumeration)
- [Handling a legacy database](https://github.com/lucascaton/enumerate_it#handling-a-legacy-database)
- [Changelog](https://github.com/lucascaton/enumerate_it#changelog)

## Contributing

Bug reports and merge requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/enuminator.
